1. The code is implented merge sort algorithm to sort an array. The MergeSort function recursively divides teh array into smaller subarrays until a single element is reached. then the merge function merges the sorted subarrays back together into one sorted array.Since, this alogrithm is dividing the array and calling the function recursively(first half and second half individually) so the overall time complexity of this code is O(n log n), where n stands for the lenght of the array.

2. The code is implemented to find the maximum element of the given array by using the concept of divide and conquer concept. It recursively divides the array into two halves and finds the maximum of both of the halves(left and right). This process runs until base case is reached. At max() function is used to determine the maximum value from left and right sum. Since, each element is visited once, the time complexity of this code is O(n), where n stands fot the lenght of the array.

3. This code is a modified version of merge sort algorithm. An extra variable count has been used to keep track of the pair number of the aliens.The overall time complexity of this one is also O(n log n), where n is the lenght of the array.

4. Here i have used divide and conquer approach to find the maximum sum of two elements in the array. the function. The function max_value recursively calls divides the array in two subarrays untill it reaches to the base case. and the maximum function is called find the max value of A[i] and A[j]**2 individually. because the individual max values sum will be also max. because the arrays are recursively being divided the time complexity will be O(n log n), where n is the lenght of the input array.

5. This code is implented to sort an array using Qucik Sort algorithm. where a pivot is selected and other elements are compared with pivot. after a iteration all the elements smaller than pivot comes to the left side and bigger elements comes to right side. After more swapping both left and right subarrays gets sorted and we get a final sorted array. In worst case it gives O(N^2) complexity but in best and average case it gives O(nlogn) complexity.

6. This code is uses a modified version of QuickSort. Here the partition function of Quick sort is used to get the smaller element than pivot to the left side and bigger element to the right side of the pivot. than the logic of binary search applied where left pinter and right pointer is updated during while calling the function. hence, it gives the kth smallest value. the complexity of the code is O(nlogn) in the best case and O(n^2) in the worst case.